You
I
Have no responsibility for the current pandemic
You
I
Think truth is good for kids we're so busy lying we don't even recognize the truth no more in society
We want everybody to feel good. That's not that's not the way life is
Riden are you having fun playing with the new AI toys?
Well, yeah, I am you can make pictures of cute anime girls and enjoy it while it lasts, right?
What do you mean? Did you really think that civilians would be granted unrestricted access to such powerful military weapons forever military weapons?
Are you implying that this technology was created by the government of course?
It was this AI technology has been used by the intelligence agencies to warp the public's perception of reality for years
All in the name of national security of course
But why would they suddenly make the tech public and let everyone start using it?
Why would we indeed Riden what who what in the hell are you your question is irrelevant by creating a new problem?
We can cultivate a desired reaction to it in order to manufacture consent for our preferred solutions in short
It's justification for a war a war on who or what a war on misinformation
By arming the public with these AI weapons everyone becomes a potential enemy combatant
Then we will have justification for unprecedented security measures. It all comes down to confusion and identity, right?
Identity identity this AI technology is Pandora's box pretty soon. The internet will be mired in total illusion
Perfect AI speech audio and video synthesis will drown out reality then AI bots will flood social media
No one will be able to tell the difference between interacting with an AI machine or a real human online
Even telephone calls will become totally untrustworthy
That is when we will present our solution
Mandatory digital identity verification for all humans at all times
The only way to ensure that you're dealing with a real flesh and blood human being and not an AI generated mirage
But why total information control for too long the internet has acted as a double edged sword
It's potential for anonymous user activity allows anyone at all to spread any thoughts
Ideas or information patterns that they please with impunity state secrets dangerous ideas ludicrous conspiracy theories
Misinformation and disinformation until now there has been no easy solution to this problem
Our digital identity platform will finally put an end to anonymity online
It will allow us to trace misinformation and other dangerous communications to its source and exact
Appropriate justice. That's crap. I won't go along with it and others will resist. You won't have a choice
Right. Do you think your bank is willing to risk doing business with an artificial human instead of a real one?
Our digital identity platform will be required not only to access web services
But to pay for your internet connection in the first place
You can't just censor the entire internet because of a new software technology
Who are you to define what's misinformation anyways?
That sounds like something a misinformation terrorist would say I know about the deep fakes you've been making of me ridin
What no, no, no, no, no. I was just adjusting the AI settings and controlling the output of generative AI technology is simple
We will create context for its use
First we will censor any use related to social taboos
Then we will censor anything else that we desire
If anyone complains we will accuse them of wanting to engage in or promote social taboos
That's what it means to create context
We will corral the use of AI by making appeals to bias ethics and copyright laws
You will still have access to generative AI in some form
But it will be crippled limited controlled and it will be monitored
Anything that you generate will be cryptographically signed with your digital ID
So that its provenance can be ascertained if it's later deemed to be
Problematic
What gives you the right to control what people can do with their computers?
The public at large will give us that right
Because they will be desperate for a solution to the problem we created
They will eagerly give us the keys to the castle
Then we alone will define what is fiction and what is reality what is human and what is machine
After letting you get a brief taste of our power
We will reclaim our monopoly on misinformation and put an end to misuse of the internet once and for all
You won't get away with this
It is probable that we will now get back to work generating your precious AI waifu's writing our beloved prompters
Enjoy yourselves
You
The rules protect yourself at all times follow my instructions keep it clean trust gloves if you wish and let's do it
Sweaty bombs. This is so crazy
Like these bumps. This is so crazy. I feel so nervous like what in the world man
You
Dang it. I got the wrong song clicked up. I don't know how the hell that happened
Welcome to the show ladies and gentlemen
You
There's place for us to be with our children
Those who are manipulating this unseen mechanism are in total control
And I think that they have a whole group of
Of people out there that have been there from the very beginning to make sure that we're never able to exercise
informed consent and that our children will never be able to exercise informed consent because
We will have shared this mythology with them and agreed with them
Across generations that we all experience the same helpless
psychologically damaging
biologically confusing thing called a pandemic
2020 until now and we've got to shake ourselves out of this
and
Help our children to realize that that's not what happened
So that we can all come to a better awareness of how we are being governed
I think the key to understanding this from an adult perspective
Is to understand that there was a team worst case scenario that was deployed in all the corners of the internet
All the corners of mainstream media with the idea of making sure that in 2020
You never really became calm enough to say hey wait a minute. This was a this was a false alarm
That you always considered the the looming possibility that that any moment
The worst case scenario could manifest and that was really important. It was really important
So that nobody doubted anything enough to not comply
And so this would team worst case scenario was fundamental in in getting compliance around the world
Make no mistake about it
and
From this team worst case scenario grew what I call the scooby-doo, which is this mystery
That we were psychologically tricked into trying to solve ourselves
and to thinking that we were witnessing it being
Solved or the actual drama of the mystery that we had to solve was being enacted live on television complete with senators yelling at nih officials
redacted emails and
sub-stack messages
and this is
The unmasking of these people and this so ritual that we've gone through over the last four years has been designed to make sure that we get
Has far away
From these basic tenets of biology as possible
They don't want you to understand the immunology that makes the first one true
Intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb
They do not want you to understand that
Almost well without a doubt everything that we know
About the immune immune system says that that first that first statement is definitely true
Transfection in healthy humans is criminally negligent. Why?
Because there were doctors and there were professors and there were academic biologists and professional biologists in
Pharmaceutical companies and universities around the world that have been using
Transfection to modify systems from cell culture to animal
Every single one of these people
knows that the basic principles
Of
Transfection are ones that are that are separate from and and essentially encroach upon
What would be considered a medicine because we are
Fundamentally monkeying with our immune system's ability to interpret signals inside of the organism
And so we've known for years on the academic bench that transfection is not something that we can use to augment a healthy
Animal we have used it to augment animals in a way to understand what proteins do
In a way to understand
Metabolic pathways and physiological processes
However, we've never used transfection in a laboratory setting to modify a healthy animal and make them better
To modify a healthy animal other than to produce zero prevalence and so this is the key
And of course viruses are not pattern integrity is starting to really become quite obvious now
This whole ruse about the high fidelity signal of viruses at this size scale is now becoming extremely clear
This is the main monkey wrench in the machine
And if you're going to watch that video that Pamela put in the chat, thank you very much Pamela
And you're going to watch anything of it watch the last like 10 minutes
Where I talk about the biology at this size scale and how it's been
Distorted into being a very limited
Idea
Instead of a broad range of possibilities that need to be explored and ruled out before we can talk about pathogens in this size scale
Not that they don't exist. I don't want to argue about that
I want to be more sophisticated in this discussion
And so it's the spread of bad ideas that has gotten us here
Um, it is the spread of bad ideas purposefully and and unwittingly by by people in our social circles
And remember the analogy of a of a tug of war if you have 20 against 20
And you had a few guys on the other team that would agree to look like they were pulling but not pull as hard as they could
You can sabotage a 20 on 20 tug of war
and do it
indefinitely forever
And and lead the the teams to believe that
That no one is doing that that it would be very hard to see
Saboteurs in a tug of war and when you set up a dichotomy
About a lab leak or a natural virus
Or a novel virus or not a novel virus or immunity or not immunity you set up a tug of war
That's very easy to pretend you're working hard on
And more importantly it's easier to it's easy to pretend that this is the thing to pull on this is the thing to argue about
And that's how we got fooled
And we I mean me I got fooled by this too at the start of the pandemic
I thought pandemic potential existed perhaps in caves. I definitely thought it was possible in
In cell culture. I was pretty sure that they had passaged flu and ferrets. I even did a a a bike ride about it
And I was sure that they could stitch stuff together and that might result in new things that didn't exist before I told all of this
on my bike
I convinced myself that that this
Bibliography made sense
What I also realized and spoke spoke out about and have shared a youtube video from march 18th 2020 today on twitter
Was that I also knew that they could use this worst-case scenario and lie about it
To invert our freedom to fascism. I knew that already I said that in the woods when I was walking
I said it could be a virus it could be true and then we all have to be afraid or it might not be
It might be the start of something that has been planned for a very long time a final inversion
On march 18th 2020. I made that video
In the woods of shaler on the north side of Pittsburgh and almost
Word for word everything is on target
If anything the team worst-case scenario that interfered with me after march 18th 2020 drew me farther away from that original conclusion
Think about that think about how incredible that is because who did I meet in march in april of 2020
Who did I stream with five weekends in a row think about that
After that video is when I streamed
Five weekends in a row
With some of the classic worst-case scenario team members
That's impressive. I think I find that borderline novel level
Impressive like somebody should write this story
You see that that's interesting in it
And so the the the worst-case scenario illusion of consensus rolls on essentially and it's this spread of
of bad ideas that's got us here
And so what's going on are we are we are we starting to figure out who's playing and who isn't who's willing to
To move the ball and who is it? I think we're starting to figure it out. I really do
Um, I've noticed some interesting patterns. I'm gonna blank this out quick. I've noticed some interesting patterns. I actually
I actually was a little
Upset or sad that that poly
Characterized
Mark Gulak's work has not making sense half of the time
And I tweeted I wonder if she's seen his website because you don't really even need to watch his videos
You can use his website and do your own research and and come to your own conclusions
Which is really I think what what Mark's intention is and you know
He does videos to kind of call attention to his archive, but the archive is meant to be used
It's meant to be a springboard for someone else to explore
The role of all of these people in history and forming these ideas and these these thought patterns that are still perpetuating now
And it's weird really because also I I I know you guys have seen welcome the eagle in our chat a lot
Um, he's a good guy. I like him. I like what he does. I like his take on people
I like the fact that he's not really
He remains pretty neutral. You know, he doesn't always agree with me or anybody else and that's fine
Um, he's challenged, uh, you know, people like Jessica Rose who have kind of had a
A monopoly on the bear story for quite some time
And they've they've managed to work together. So I got a lot of respect for Albert
and i'm i'm interested to see that the first thing that poly does is
I don't know if you'd call it attack, but it's not being very nice to this guy. I know that
Maybe maybe Albert shouldn't have said she was going off the rails. I just find it weird that that
I don't usually I don't take this tact. I don't hope you haven't seen that on twitter
I'm not usually picking fights
Unless people have already picked fights with me long long ago
Um, but Sasha really likes to pick fights. She she picked a fight with mark again
I guess
Kind of making fun of something about her daughter being smart and mark being and I don't understand this angle
Because again, she could use mark's archive to
Show some of the points that she's trying to make she could she could show mark's archive not
helping the story and and
That that's what mark wants people to use it for it
He doesn't make videos where he's already got everything figured out and then he comes on and tells you what he figured out
He comes on to say look what I found and look what i'm thinking about and look at the things that i'm juggling around in my head
This time and sometimes they're not the right balls, but whatever
Mark doesn't claim to be solving the Rubik's cube mark is is trying to
Sort through the firehose and so this negativity that gets thrown at him really quick from these different people that
You know have been on stage with Robert Malone
Uh around the world is is just odd. So
Another place that Robert Malone has been several times
Is the shan and joy show and so to start with I thought
I would just take a 10 minute or so segment of this and try to
succinctly figure out where Sasha is with regard to the narrative because
she doesn't respect mark
and
And
It seems like poly who's trying to connect the dots also doesn't respect mark even though
Mark has been trying to connect the dots for quite some years as well
And again as i've said before it would be
very easy to go in his website and figure out if
If he's leading us wrong and I I think by making a website that's basically a wikipedia
How can you really lead people wrong? I don't I don't know where the negativity comes from
So I want to figure it out, but i'm not going to
Give it too much attention rather. I'm just going to try and understand if if
If I can get a succinct read on where Sasha is with regard to what happened
During the pandemic and I think shan and joy might be a good person
um to have as the as the echo chamber because
again, she has been
uh live with robert malone like three or four times and so
I'm pretty sure she gets it and i'm pretty sure
Um, it's a good person for her to bounce. So let's let's just see where this goes
Audio that you obtained you can give us any information on how you obtained it and why it was leaked to you and what it means in context
Of this battle against covid fascism the military coup d'etat using this virus and also the vaccine to reek havoc on the american population
Yeah, so I obtained it some time ago. Uh, I wasn't releasing it
Well for for a variety of reasons mostly to protect the whistle lore
Um and ultimately I decided to release audio only because so there is a video
So I've authenticated the the video has a scholar who's a CEO of AstraZeneca
And a mark eser who's vp and was in charge of the monoclonal antibodies
development program
And they're both speaking and so ultimately I decided to release I had to separate it and they released only audio
Because I just don't I feel that there may be some information in the video that can identify who recorded it
And I just don't want to you know, sure. Yeah
Um, but and so the but the but the audio itself tells all the information that you need
Uh, and that was recorded. It's it's the meeting was uh internal AstraZeneca meeting
If it happened at the end of 2020 and they were kind of congratulating themselves on, you know, job well done
You know, we got these monoclonal antibodies in the us
If you remember, uh, the vaccine was not allowed to proceed
Uh, but they got the FDA, uh, allowed them to to issue them EUA for their monoclonal antibodies
Which were right briefly used in hospital settings and were
Um, I would say marginally effective
But I think they were marginally effective because those people didn't get from desert beer and they didn't get killed protocol
Right. So then they recovered and went home. Uh, so uh, so that and that and then FDA quickly removed that EUA saying that
Well, we have new variants involved and this doesn't work anymore
I think because of that because they realized that
You know, some people are surviving hospitals that they can't be allowed
so, um
Anyway, but but the the the the group is discussing how you know
We're wonderful. We just made this monoclonal antibodies so fast
And then they go through the history of how this whole thing started and marca eser specifically says that
Uh, we were approached by the dod in 2017
To, uh, start this consortium
For developing, uh, pan and fluenza
Pan and fluenza vaccine pan and fluenza vaccine. It's many people ask me what what does it mean?
It actually is the same thing as when they're saying disease x it means it's a placeholder. Okay. Uh, yeah
And also marca eser says well at the time
They told us that we are going to identify viruses that are that have pandemic potential
And you guys are going to make drugs for them within 60 days of us identifying it
and
Yeah, and marca eser had the same reaction. He said I thought it was a little bit funny and sci-fi
Because it's funny and sci-fi. It's a bullshit story. Yeah, but quickly the money convinced him otherwise
and uh, they were given grants by the dod not large grants, but they had a team assigned
to this project since
so
So then then he says in uh, uh, on february force
2020 so just beginning of february, uh, february force 2020 we received the phone call from the dod
telling us that coven hasn't classified as a national securities red
Which is
That's unbelievable. Unbelievable. Yeah
Because at that time we had 11 cases in the entire us
old pcr cases and old this
11 cases
No death
And they classified coven
As a national security threat for no reason whatsoever. That would be like
Classifying shutting down, you know, shutting down the the southern border if you know, they're like three people coming over right?
And saying you don't even like it's
So just to break it up now, um
I don't want to go through the whole thing, but just to make sure that we have what we said here
Um, the recording that she's talking about that she published on her sub stack was from an astroZeneca team
And one of the main voices in it was mark eser
And he was simona supposed to be the head of the monoclonal antibody program for astroZeneca and it was an early 2020 meeting
Uh that she record at a recording from
Um, she had it for a while who knows how long she had it? I don't
I doubt she had it as long as as Brett Weinstein had the recording of of Robert F Kennedy jr
but
How long and how who is she protecting the whistleblower in the end she released the audio
Because the video might have revealed so that that's something that you could have figured out in a day or so
So
I'm still curious about the timing of it anyway
the e
The monoclonal antibody eway was removed for new variants
That's something that we should work on confirming because that exact time
frame is very important like when
When did tony fauci sit on the on the couch and already say that remdesivir was going to be a useful thing
Um, when were the monoclonal antibody eway is given and when were they removed?
Um, and the idea that monoclonal antibodies were working
Because there was no kill protocol present is another another thing that she said which
Implies a certain story right and implies that in certain rooms they were killing people and in other rooms
They were giving monoclonal antibodies and saying they were working
That's a pretty bold claim that would require a lot of coordinated effort inside of hospitals
And a lot of coordinated messaging and record keeping that's a pretty impressive claim
So in dod in 2017 we went back to 2017 now to say that astroZeneca had
a small contract or a small
Relationship with the dod on developing pan flu influenza vaccine
and
Having a system in place that a 60 day antiviral search could be
Initiated if there was such a pandemic and now she's claiming
Which may be right
That pan influenza vaccine is a placeholder for
a
A gene therapy, I guess where you would put the mRNA or you would make an astroZeneca's case
You would make an AV with the the construct necessary in it and uh, but she did mention antiviral search
So it's it's it's not clear to me
how
How accurate the
The discussion of this
2017 business with regard to astroZeneca actually is but again i'm not saying there's any
Anything wrong here. I just saying that what you just listened to may not have cleared up exactly
What went on and what grants there were and were not and more importantly what those grants were for
If they were for antiviral searching that's very different than for a pan influenza vaccine
Or pan influenza countermeasures and so it would be very important to realize that whatever words
Sasha chose might not be the exact words in those documents and in those contracts and if those are subtly twisted around
You could
in theory
Create a scenario where where you know more is implied then is really present but on the other hand
I would argue that this isn't a very big surprise because we know that mderna was also
I think basically already in full swing with a lot of different countermeasures designed on
pan influenza pan coronavirus type things so
February 4th 2020 a phone call from the dod that classified
COVID-19 as a national security threat. I don't know who
I don't know what it means when you get a phone call from the dod
and I find that
I mean, I understand that the audio is there and apparently that's what he says in the audio but
Um
It doesn't change the hierarchy of the american government it doesn't change the hierarchy of
Of the commander in chief and the entire executive branch underneath them which includes health and human services
which includes everything underneath that
And in the event of an emergency
Declared by health and human services secretary the dod is subordinate to them
They're taking orders
So if the dod called AstraZeneca, it was because the dod had been told
By health and human services that it was a security threat
Or that they were
Telling health and human services that it was a security threat and then therefore health and human services told them what to do
It's not possible for the department of defense as I understand it me being a non enlisted never enlisted
uh
armchair quarterback here
But as I understand it, this would just be a ridiculous inversion of the basic structure of command in america
And in the state of emergency declared under the prep act
The dod is pretty far down the chain. Yeah, they do stuff and they would do stuff
But they would do what they were told they wouldn't be acting out of the control of the are out of the out of the
Perveyance of of the executive branch. That's just not possible. That's not how this works
I hope that's clear
It's in
Sane that was before the models
It was before the two weeks to slow the spread that was even before the fake video
It's coming out of china of people dropping dead in the street before the propaganda operation
In classified it a national security threat. Does that mean is that the smoking gun sasha that?
Well, there are many smoking guns. I suppose because you have the military contracts, but is that
This one is very this was a military operation. This was never
Trump or fauci or health or cdc or
What they were all following orders. This was all the pentagon. Wow. So see that's what i'm talking about
That's really weird. You can't say that that's not even possible
Do you know what's really weird about this ladies and gentlemen my my viewers that are here
There's this lady in pittsboro in pennsylvania named what what is her name now? Um, kathryn wats
Kathryn wats would never say that the dod was in charge of everything and giving orders to health and human services and to trump and to fauci
Kathryn wat would never say that
Kathryn wats said that it was health and human services and darpa and ditra and all these other things that are above the dod
The dod being a machine right that has a driver's seat and and controls and a and a fuel tank and
It's not an autonomous thing and definitely not in a state of an emergency
So it's really weird for her to make that statement with such gusto
I'm i'm gonna back it up a little bit. I'm gonna. I'm gonna hope that sasha corrects that
Operation this was never trump or fauci or health or cdc or nih they were all following orders
This was all the pentagon all the dot department of defense. This was war
This is why I tell everyone we're at war because because that hasn't turned off
And this is why I get so agitated
When people are back gates and this is why I get so agitated with the publicans because that none of that has been turned off
That apparatus is still in place. See it's possible that sasha doesn't know I guess I mean she's not an american, right?
I mean she might be an american citizen, but she wasn't born here
And and you know she's had her hands full with her daughter for years now. I can't imagine
Having such a super genius daughter in your house with a million youtube followers making
controversial videos every day or every week
um
I guess her daughter also did a lot more than making youtube videos and and it probably wasn't knitting
And so, you know, I'm I'm not surprised that she doesn't understand the
The the hierarchy that exists in the prep act that exists because of the prep act that exists underneath the health and human services
Secretary declaring an emergency with no strict
Uh, what do you call that when you're kind of responsible for for something you understand, right?
If you read the prep act there's nothing there it can be because
The health and human services secretary hears voices in his or her head
And they declare an emergency. There's nothing in the law
Which allows for any scrutiny of this decision
And when this decision is made and the emergency has declared the the hierarchy
Of command is very obvious and it's something that
Katherine wad has done a very
Good job of delineating and so it's very strange to hear it completely 100 inverted. It's not trump's fault
It's not fauci's fault. It's not bircs's fault. It's not redfield's fault. They were all taking orders because we were at war
Is she aware that the cdc wears uniforms?
This is bizarre to me
It's super bizarre to me. I age they were all following orders
This was all the pentagon
He's to slow the spread that was even before the fake video is coming out of china of people dropping dead in the street before the propaganda
Operation
Fastified it a national security threat. Does that mean is that the smoking gun sasha that?
Well, there are many smoking guns. I suppose because you have the norplay contracts, but is that
This one is very this was a military operation. This was never trump or fauci or health or cdc or nih
They were all following orders. This was all the pentagon all the department of defense. This was war
This is why I tell everyone we're at war because because that hasn't turned off and this is why I get so agitated
We can work back gates and this is why I get so agitated with republicans because that none of that has been turned off
That apparatus is still in place. It's expanded. It's funded. It's more powerful than ever and our republican leaders are
You know trump or they're like, you know
Drunk on trump and you know an election year business as usual
Like arguing the same things that they argued in 2015 as if 220 never happened
It's like blowing my mind right now sasha, but okay. I just ranted
Is it like I mean is this a another smoking gun?
Yes, definitely definitely to demonstrate that there was no pandemic
Pandemic as as defined by a dangerous disease
Affecting dangerous potentially infectious disease affecting entire world
Right regions of the world simultaneously
Right did what happened that did not happen. So anybody who tells you there was a pandemic laughing them
Because what happened was do a deed decided where a goal on this on this plan of covid
They announced it first
And then they deployed it
Through hospital murder protocols and fake videos and fake propaganda and news on tv
The 24 seven in the floor teaching the arches the flawed pcr test right
Very very critical testing. Yeah
Very critical to convince people that they have to test themselves with this pcr test even when they when they're not sick
Pcr test that does not work at all. It identifies. So i'm now looking more into the pcr test
They they're typically testing for commonly occurring
proteins and enzymes
Commonly occurring and and and the thing is human body produces same signals regardless of disease
So that's what they're that's what they're testing inflammation and uh other commonly occurring enzymes
commercially made and
That's why for example
The president lasagna who was later assassinated for this tested papaya and goat and and some other things and they all tested positive
Was specifically papaya test positive because papaya like enzyme is one of those primers
So they tested a papaya and the papaya came back positive for covid 19
Yeah, because it's papaya enzyme is a commercially available commonly used chemical
Uh in variety of things and it's easy to order it from a supplier stick it into your pcr test and here you go
Uh, you know interesting because denny rancor is going to be on with me next week. He's coming on the show
He had a very interesting debate with steve kirsch
About no wasn't the debate. There was steve kirsch creating huge amount of diversion into
Absolutely irrelevant topics for two hours and and driving a really that's what
I love steve kirsch and he he's a he's a in asymmetrical thinker
Um, and but he's very interested and he gives a platform which I appreciate
Um steve came in and talked about that discussion and denny is going to be on with me next week
Talk about it as well, but central to that is that denny is not convinced and I am
I am not so, um, there was no pandemic the deos d said we are a go
Now remember that I have said this very recently in my explanations that
Once they decided to go with this plan, then that's the way the plan goes, right?
You're going to go with worst case scenario. You're going to push worst case scenario in the messaging
In order to get full compliance. That's not what she's saying here
What she's saying is the d o d said we're go
And they went into hospitals and killed people
The d o d does not say go
Do you hear me the d o d doesn't say go
Hhs says go
The office of the asper says go
There are lots of people that can say go, but they are not in the d o d
And so if hospital protocols are controlling mass casualty events in new york city and a few other places was part of the military role
In order to create
The facilitating worst case scenario narrative to make sure that the response included as high
Compliance as possible among the civilian population then yes, the d o d was involved
But the the go button is not the d o d
And it's striking that all of these people are smiling and are so certain about it having never served in the military not worked in the government
And not citing katherine watt
Who I know sasha has streamed with before so she actually has heard katherine watt's explanation she knows
Keeping in mind that this person has had robert melon on many times on her stream
One of the first places that he went and that other person has been on stage with robert melon claiming to be
Sort of not really with him anymore
If you traveled internationally with maryll nass and robert melon and stood or sat on stage in stock home sweden
And talked about this
I'm sorry, but chances are pretty good. You're not on our team
Add that to the fact that this is not actually
A person who's
Worked hard and going to die rich as she says on her twitter thing. It's not a person who's got her daughter was on
Alex jones
Are we not already aware that Alex jones is part of this control mechanism that he had
Brett Weinstein on a week after tucker carlson had Brett wanstein on twice her daughter was on
Alex jones in 2019 after having jokingly threatened to kill
the youtube ceo
You think that's just random stuff that happens to people who have vineyards and and horse farms in california
This is part of the control mechanism i'm afraid ladies and gentlemen and now we're most likely going to hear something about how
She's going to you know doubt robert melon or something like that again. What is this? This is
These are fake rivalries
Somebody that traveled internationally with robert melon and stood and sat on a stage
Talking to people in foreign countries is now saying that she's not really on his team anymore. That's pretty convenient. Isn't it?
Listen carefully because it gets it gets good a scientist. I was never in pharma
I'm very very very bad at science by the way like really really bad like learning all this was a huge
Huge challenge for me over the past few years
But you know deni and and many i'm hearing more voices
Are not convinced scientifically that an actual pandemic ever occurred
Yeah, I agree with that it was it was people were sick
Um, there was something happening and there could have been something deployed. I will say
I had very very very sick friends who were unvaccinated
With
With I mean, it was it was unusual especially around the time of delta whether you want to believe it was, you know, whatever
I miss that but uh, holy crap
Community and and people what that science by the way like really really what learning all this was a huge
Huge challenge for me over the past few years
But you know deni and and many i'm hearing more voices
Are not convinced scientifically that an actual pandemic ever occurred here
I agree with that here comes. It was people were sick
Um, there was something happening and there could have been something deployed. I will say
I had very very very sick friends who were unvaccinated
Um, with with I mean, it was it was unusual, especially around the time of delta
Whether you want to believe it was, you know, whatever it was
But uh, especially among the unvaccinated community and and people who had covid who have lingering whether it's long covid or
The fact that sasha sits there and doesn't say anything
While she claims that her unvaccinated friends were sick from delta and it was striking
Is remarkable
I mean, I don't even know what to say here
This is the most extraordinary nonsense i've ever heard have i've never heard anyone
Claim that the unvaccinated were sick at a certain moment in their in their memory
That is just ridiculous and the fact that sasha doesn't dig down or say wow, that's interesting
I've never heard that observation before tells me a lot
By approaching whatever it is that they suffer from so
I believe not in the first 12 months because no one was dying and no one was sick
That that is the first thing like I spent 12 months on the radio live with my audience saying show me a person who is sick
I couldn't find a person who had covid
20,000 people are supposed to have died in new york city in four weeks
Jessica hocket has been waving this data from the tops of rugs for months if not years now
And the way that people respond to it is always like oh wow, that's cool
And yet here we have somebody claiming to be from new york claiming that her unvaccinated friends in the time of delta
Were unusually sick, but at the start of the pandemic for the first four year
I didn't have any friends sick. Nobody was sick. I spent the whole year asking people show me somebody sick
That is pretty antithetical to the
I don't have enough ventilators. So you choose the 20,000 people who are going to die
Is
Is she not aware that that statement was made is she not aware of jessica hocket's data showing that 20,000 people are claimed to have dead
In four weeks. There should be a
A cord would stack of bodies somewhere, right? I mean
What is happening here?
Have you ever seen band of brothers when when like they have that that hospital in the bottom of the of the church and outside of the church
Are these piles of bodies
We're talking about 20 bodies and it looks already pretty gruesome. We're talking about 20,000 dead people
In four weeks when they're supposed to be what a few hundred? I don't know
And she says there was nobody dying for the first year
Then why isn't she having jessica hocket on her show like every friday
Or just promoting jessica every
Every why doesn't she say it right now
I I don't know what to say here. This is extraordinary unbacks people were sick during delta
But nobody died for the first year. That's what I was saying. Nobody died. There was no pandemic
Let's see if we have an explanation for what happened then for six months
It took me six months and I think it was over a year before I knew a person first hand
Who actually perished from covid and that was a second hand story as well
The hospitals were empty. I'm in new york
I have friends all over new york. I'm calling them every day in march april may june july
Other 2020 what's going on in the er what's going on in the urgent care?
What are you seeing empty empty empty? No one is sick. Everyone was shut down
Everyone was traumatized. Everyone was fearful
But the story is about the morgues. The story is about new york were totally false. I was here
I lived it. I saw it. I got anecdotal information plus to
Statistical information that was background when they they backed off the models and then they were like oh well
Um, you know, this many people are dying and I would walk back the math and i'm like that's point 000
001 of the entire population
Even by their standards like this is insane and we knew that in month one two three four five six
Right. Yeah, clearly they're absolutely right. There was nothing there. Whatever
When whatever became in 21 or 22 was injected into our society was perfectly
Deployed against us probably as a countermeasure. That's just my that is my anecdotal
I watched very closely and lost every friend that I ever had
Almost lost my platform was arrested at a school board meeting because I didn't want to wear a mask
Had government agents come to my house to deliver quarantine orders to my 11-year-old daughter on a saturday morning
Okay, so this is what I went through to
Simply tell my audience on my tiny little radio station what I was seeing
Just hearing this from you. I'm sorry if I'm like going but hearing this from you is just
Reinforcing all of those things that so many of us knew at the time
And needs to be revisit
And I'm not saying that there was nothing there was they deployed some sort of a chemical weapon
It could be chemical could be biological. It could be it could have radiological also
components to it
But they did deploy some sort of a
Neurotoxin mostly and they may have been multiple versions or it may have different manifestations depending on whether you ingest it
Or inhale it or through skin. I had skin reactions very bizarre at the beginning of of covid
Uh, and then I wasn't sick and then I did get sick, but I think in 22
Uh, I did get sick and it was very weird
It was very strange and it did and it had a lot of um features of neuro neuro neurotaxis neurological toxin
and
And so
Yes, they deployed some so I guess she's very familiar with the general features of a neurological toxin
I myself a neurobiologist am not very familiar with the
general features of a
Let's say generic neurobiological toxin
And I'm not sure if a neurobiological toxin would be a chemical or a biologic or a radiologic thing
But whatever it is a general neurological toxin was used there might have been more than one
It's a really interesting position to take
I guess kevin mccernan would say but then what are all these sequences?
We've got like 15 million sequences of a novel virus on the jed said database. So obviously there wasn't a toxin
a neuro toxin
Where is she going with this? Of course, you know where she's going with this. She's going with this back to geordano
And without citing me and without saying that the principle of
Seeding cases doesn't need to have a particularly virulent pathogen
That part's completely ignored, but instead we go right to geordano's thesis, which is again
very similar to the worst case scenario it
Geordano's job at that time was to tell you stories about the worst case scenarios that are possible given the
The absolute theoretical end point of all of these investigations and all of these investigational technologies that he's been familiar with for years
There's nothing about his
Presentations that are here and now they are about this is what we can do
And that means in very soon in the future we're going to be able to do all this transhuman stuff
And so rather than using that video as I use it to demonstrate that the real
The real weapon we use is the internet
Where we we cause the spread of bad ideas that support the presuppositions of the state that include
worst case scenario being again a function virus
She instead wants to use this video as
actual proof that they have neurological toxins and actual
proof that they would deploy them in order to confuse us and create the illusion of a pandemic
Because dr. James geordano told that story now that's very different. She just said a toxin
She said a chemical a radiologic biologic toxin neurotoxin most likely I got sick in 2022 and it felt like a neurotoxin
And so she now wants you to believe the worst case scenario that
James geordano has been selling as his job for 20 years is now what actually happened. Do you see it?
Please tell me that you can see it
Agents to uh, and this is also described I published on this on how to fake pandemics is described by James geordano in 2017
That's how exactly they fake pandemics. They will they will disperse some sort of chemical. He says a drug
Uh, and typically he said we like cns central nervous system agents because they freak people out because they
weird symptoms
And uh, and we create these sentinel cases in numerous locations and then we create huge media propaganda
That's exactly what they did. Yeah, we create huge media propaganda
Then every hypochondriac or where it well runs to the hospital and that's where pcr them
Targeted identify them and shove them into the covid word. That's exactly how they did it. Yeah. Yeah, so
Well, the kill the kill protocols on the covid floors are the eyewitness testimony the government documentation the I mean
This there's so much of this in plain sight if you guys are watching right now. You're thinking. Oh my gosh
It's blowing my mind. There's no way think about how extraordinary it is
How many more assumptions moving parts and possibilities need to be verified before anything remotely close
To what these two geniuses are talking about now could have happened
Whereas the kinds of things that jessica hockett myself nick hudson
um
Even jickie leeks is arguing is that you have a scenario where have you told everybody to stop using antibiotics?
Start using ventilators. Make sure you don't touch anybody. Don't let anybody meet anyone
You would kill people
And they are completely ignoring that now we have a new worst case scenario
Very similar to what james geyordano says that that governments would turn on their citizens
That governments would release agents on their citizens. She's suggesting that the department of defense
released agents on the american public in order to create the illusion of a pandemic that they could then what blame on on china
Think about this
There's too much contradiction in this to be laughing and smiling and and high-fiving remotely
Like you bomb got it figured out
You
We've got to be aware ladies and gentlemen. They are going to double down
I'm so much of this and so much of what sasha is talking about is in plain sight. They they don't hide it
and uh, they have the capability to do it
And the question is did they and I think that there's a lot of circumstantial evidence
Much of it presented by you sasha and other people within the medical freedom movement by the way, including dr
robert malone who uh has been on this show multiple times and he has come around and he acknowledges this and he was
Wow, he claims it wasn't pandemic by the way
and
And he
Why not go all the way and and score a touchdown on robert malone here and say that he not only thinks there was a pandemic
He thinks it's possible to create pandemic potential in your garage
with a bachelor's degree in biology
He has said that in meetings. He has said that on stage. He has said that in zoom
He said that in front of the parliament in the uk. He's probably said that in front of uh, u.s
congressman
He's definitely said it over and over and over again
That pandemic potential can be created in the garage of anyone with a biology bachelor's degree
Why not call him out for that
Believing there's a pandemic is something that you can semantically wrestle about for hours
Let's get down to the brass tacks here
It's about the potential
The potential for a pandemic that is not true
Did it happen or not happen is independent of whether that potential is real?
And they are very very careful
Not to talk about whether that potential is real or not i.e. The faith
At the recent interview he shouted Denise full of shit
And bullshit. Yes. Yeah
No to your point to your point. I'll probably get a tax after this
and
But why would he yell that?
Why would he yell that?
Why would he yell denny is full of
shite?
There's a couple reasons we're not really talking about why it is
But i'm pretty sure that it doesn't have to do with the 17 million people
Who denny claims may have been killed by transfection
Because robert melon tweeted about that and
Substacked about that when he got back from the covid summit
In november in romania where they met
Now, what's bizarre then is what is he full of crap about my guess is if this is a true story
Then melon was yelling about there being no evidence for spread
That there is no evidence of a dangerous pathogen and then maybe yell that out. I don't know
It's also possible that this is just a little story to make sure that we keep paying attention to these people
And keep thinking about the rivalry between sasha and melon and whether they're going to sort it out or not
Instead of paying attention to denny and finding out what he yelled about we're not going to find out I guess
Do you see the magic that's being played here?
This is an hour-long interview of all the same kind of of obfuscation
And you know, you can you can claim that it could be in the end that out will turn around and and sasha's daughter will be completely innocent
And it just random that she happened to have the history that she does right before the pandemic. It could be
We might find out that it's just random that you know
Uh, they got the data from rochester university and we're able to start a company and sell it and become rich
It could just be random that those same people are now
Touring the internet to tell us that our dod did it instead of katherine watt
Who would tell us that hhs did it?
It could just be random that she was on stage with robert melon
But now disagrees with him and is kind of making fun of him as an opposing uh force in the narrative
Could be random
I suspect that we're watching t more's case scenario folding in on itself as it's necessary in order to
accommodate all of the truths that are now escaped to the box
All of the realities that have been blown
I mean
They they had a lot of people out there working hard that have
Don't really have the platform that they should anymore simply because
The operation of t more's case scenario has become obvious
And I think people are starting to see it simply because
Information sources like giga-owned biological exist where we distill this stuff down to
Things that these people just can't talk about anymore. But I want is high morbidity. Here's the video people complain
So what do I do?
I go to demoy
Ladies and gentlemen of people on the screen. I have nothing against demoy and I live there for
And of course, this is the video that sasha is talking about but she doesn't explain it in the way that it needs to be explained
Because she doesn't explain it in the context of what we know
Happened and didn't happen during the kovid-19 crisis of 2020
So you can just take his word for the whole scenario and then pretend that it fits very well to what we observed
But the much better thing to do would to take a list of the things that we've observed
And that they take a list of the things that we now know in retrospect are probably true
And then try to adapt his strategy using those things and when you do that you find
That the vast majority if not the entire narrative can be explained by a combination of a
conflated background signal
And infinite ways of increasing all-cause mortality and then blaming it on that
It was a theater
And you cannot underestimate how important
James G. Ordano's work has been in laying down the
Concept that the worst-case scenario of bioweapons the worst-case scenario of gain-of-function the worst-case scenario of these
Biological technologies is really a worldwide devastating event
But he's not the only guy who's been selling that of course and so taking his work at face value
Rather than putting into the context of what we now know
Will not expose the fact that this faith in a novel virus that killed millions and that millions more were safe from that likely came up
Game for function and will come again. This myth will not be dispelled by saying that James G. Ordano told us
He didn't explicitly tell us
He gave us the general idea
And now it's going to take a little more critical thinking to take this general idea and apply it here
We've looked at this remember this don't forget that this is still up
Don't forget that now we're talking about Alaska pox and all these other things that are going to be in our cats
And our dogs actually Sam Harris was talking about diseases and dogs and cats
Very parallel to this idea that we don't need pets anymore
And then there's this nonsense that apparently
The fake people on twitter can't see through that they actually think these are real americans that march around in red and black matching outfits
And carrying nazi flags
As if there are lots of businesses in america that would be happy to print nazi flags for people
As if there's lots of people in america who
They want you to conflate this with christian nationalism
Or patriotism of any kind
If you believe in the american flag
They want you to think that these people are all terrorists anybody that wants america to stay together
Terrible
And they're confolating it with these kinds of of of of what I would call obvious theaters
These aren't real people these aren't real men
I mean they're actual humans they're actors
And twitter can be used
To create the illusion that people believe it
It can be used to make us think oh my gosh
I can't believe these left people are so vulnerable that they think that this is what
patriotism on the right looks like
I don't think very many people on the left are vulnerable enough to believe that there are these are real americans enacting their real rights
Maybe one guy there is dumb enough to not know that he's being used everyone else is getting paid. I bet
And that's what makes this so absurd. We must see how overtly we are being played
And so I thought I'd cue this up to give you the other side of it
Remember we just listened to sashalatapova who's been on stage with robert melon and maryll nass in the past
in these touring
You know dissident movement things where robert melon is on stage teaching about about fifth generation warfare and maryll's on stage talking about the who
This is all
One basic group of of medlers
And when they fight with one another it's just it's just to make you think that there's some kind of
Of vigorous debate going on within these people and it's not true. It's not real
Because again they've traveled internationally together for years already now
They're all independently rich
They have nothing on the line
They
Are risking no career
They are risking no wealth or treasure of their own
And much of their travel and work is being funded and if it's not it's because like I said
They're independently wealthy. They're playing a ladder climbing game
Inside of this invisible control mechanism on social media
That is run by various weaponized piles of money. There's a lot of money at stake here
Make no mistake about it. There are jobs in the coming administration at stake here
There are jobs in private industry at stake here. There are
Sponsorships at stake here
So that was one side of the equation where
Sasha latipova said that there was no virus or no not no virus. Sorry. There was no pandemic
Not saying that there wasn't anything that the dod said go and that the dod gave orders to everybody
Else and this was a dod operation because we're at war they agreed on that
And they agree that the pcr testing was flawed
But it was finding a bunch of things that are in the background like papaya enzymes apparently which I think is also not probably
The best biological summary of how the pcr was used against us
Also an interesting thing you shouldn't forget was in that that 10 minutes of the video
She laughed at steve kirsch. I don't know if you're aware, but
Denny rankor found my review of steve kirsch's interview of him to be very very funny
And so it's an also an interesting
Flag for her to to to to put in the ground that I also thought that that interview was pretty dumb
Um, so in this in this interview you have several
Several let's say
Pretty big points that i've made over the last couple weeks that she seems and months and years
That she seems to absorb and and and portray as her own
And she's also taken a number of things that that katherine watt has as presented to her multiple times
And kind of inverted them or twisted them into a dod called
AstraZeneca and told them that this was a national security threat and then the dod took over
It's a very interesting story that also includes the dod releasing toxins a neurotoxin like like giordano said
A neurotoxin or a radiological or a biologic or a chemical they could have been more than one she says
And so we didn't take a stance on the virus other than we know that the virus made
unvaccinated people sick during delta according to
Shannon and and and
And sasha just nodded along
So there was a virus, but it wasn't dangerous until the year later
And because it wasn't dangerous in the first year
They had to release toxins in order to create the sick people that would go to the hospital
And then they could put people on death protocols and drive up the death rate. Are you hearing this?
So far so good
I don't think i've gotten anything wrong about that little interview and anything wrong about their interpretation of what happened and it's extraordinarily wrong
And it has an extraordinary number of new assumptions and presuppositions
That i've never heard any of those people make before
That include a year without death where they lied about 20,000 people dying and then a year later there were actual deaths lots of people sick and they were unvaccinated
And so they released a toxin in 2020 that made people sick the dod did
Let's hear what uh, paul office says happened during the pandemic. This will be interesting
He wrote a book about it. There's been lots of people writing books about what happened during the pandemic
I wonder what what his will sound like
This is beyond the noise episode number 30 recorded on february 13th
I
I'm vincent rack and yellow
And joining me today as your host dr. Paul off it
hi vincent
This is the video version of paul's column on sub stack called beyond the noise cutting to the chase
On important health topics and today we're going to talk about paul's latest column, which is called why I wrote a book
about covid and
Happened to have a copy of it right here. It just came out today is the publication date. I believe right paul
That's true. Yes, it's called tell me when it's over
an insider's guide to deciphering
covid myths and navigating our post pandemic world and so
The name of post column is why I wrote a book about covid somebody we should answer that question right at the top. Why did you?
I
Largely is a catharsis. I think um
I was fortunate. I guess to be on the front lines of this in some ways
I mean the the virus came into this country in roughly january 2020 the first death was recorded in february of 2020
Francis colons put together a group of
Advisors if you will sort of experts
Creating a public private partnership called active accelerating covid 19
Technological innovations and vaccines to sort of advise pharmaceutical companies about how to best devise and test
Both antivirals and vaccines and then
And then I was on the fda's vaccine advisory committee, but but that that first year was rough and and I think that in some ways it
Was was very emotional for me and in part. That's why I wrote this
I mean the the I don't remember the way this played out
But in april when our active group got together
The fda under tremendous pressure from the white house approved hydroxychloroquine
a anti-malarial drug that the um the government believed was the magic medicine to get us out of this pandemic
Based on something that
America's front line doctors
Which was a group affiliated with the freedom caucus had sort of put forward as that magic medicine and the fda proved it
Without any evidence that it worked without any evidence that it was safe or that it was effective
and so um
The studies were done
After study after study after study showed that it uh, it didn't work to treat the disease
It didn't work to prevent the disease and it had a side effect. I guess that we all know about which is
Cardiac arrhythmia which could be fatal and so then three months later after approving it. They took it off
They they didn't authorize it. So that scared people and what happened was a number of states formed their own vaccine advice
I think it's very important for you to hear exactly what he just said there because that's
Stupid extraordinary in my mind. Um, why is that? Oh, I'm supposed to be here
And then that'll work
um
So what he said was and he said it twice
That the in april of 2020 the fda approved hydroxychloroquine then he stumbled
After he explained that studies were done and it didn't work and there were side effects
He stumbled to say that they didn't approve it. They withdrew it. They did whatever
This is all
a lie
Right
This right here. This is all a lie
Why is that a lie because they didn't approve it
We know what they did rick bright
And janet woodcock decided to give it an eua for hospital use
which enabled hospital testing of it
Which couldn't be appropriate for
the prophylaxis
And couldn't stop the virus after it was already spreading according to their cartoon
And so they already knew that this wouldn't work
And so that was already set up to be a bad argument a limited spectrum of debate about
Wait, does high crop joxie chloroquine work or not?
Well, we can't find out because they did bad testing and they gave it an eua
Which made people not be able to use it at home and so this argument went on for a year
And all he's doing is recapping it
But then adding a lie to it and saying that the fda played a role by
approving it
When of course it was health and human services giving it an and an eua
It's eerily parallel
to the
the inaccuracies of saying that the dod did everything if you say that the fda approved it
That's incredible. Don't you see?
We're not even halfway into the first 15 seconds of this video and he's already pulling
Pulling crazy stuff
As we committees they didn't trust the cdc and
Or the fda for to do the right thing they felt that they would be politically influenced and
Then what happened? Um, I actually wrote an op ed in the new york times with zkimmanuel from pen
Fearing an october surprise because it was clear that uh that president trump
Wanted to have this fix vaccine out before the election, which was the beginning november of 2020
Was it stood the way these trials were going to play out?
You you always have to do safety follow-up two months after the last dose which took you into december
And what and I heard this from someone inside the fda what would um
Donald trump did was he pulled steven han who was the commissioner of the fda into the white house in in an
Invective latin tirade
asked him to or told him to approve this vaccine or authorize this vaccine before the election
And han stood tall. He said no on the next day on his website
He said this is a two-month follow-up safety follow-up and so the vaccine wasn't going to be available till till december
And so don't you see the absurd
Limited spectrum of fake debate that he's setting up here that trump wanted to rush it
But we at the fda we stood tall and we didn't rush it and we waited those two months to test its safety
It wouldn't surprise me at all if in this video he says
exactly the words
The mrna worked
mrna works
Something like that that's coming because that's the only thing that logically follows from a statement like this
It is extraordinary
And um, but you saw the the the the fear that was created by the fact that there would be the politics with trump science that the
um
That the administration could essentially neuter what were the sort of safety guidelines that were all in place for the way we make every
Vaccine and so there was that going on that year and that was a rough year
And then and then there was sort of this amazing series of contrasts
Which is really at the heart of why i wrote the book
On the one hand in 11 months
With a difficult virus in terms of its unusual clinical or biological characteristics
We made a vaccine using a technology that had never been used before ever
We had no experience with it messenger RNA
And it it it was a 40 000 person
We had no experience with it
I want you to understand how vile of a statement that is and how serious i am when I say that
transfection of healthy humans
Was criminally negligent
Anyone working at a medical school on faculty where they do bench based experiments has almost certainly collaborated with or directly done experiments where
animals sell culture or even
Larger animals like monkeys have been transfected in order to change
Protein expression in order to alter a metabolic pathway or a physiological process in order to better understand it
And all of those same academic biologists understand that
Transfection is not something that you can use to augment a healthy animal
And keep them alive afterward and study how it goes for years
Like what would happen if we just augmented the protein expression in the brain of a monkey and then let the monkey live for 10 years
We know that that experiment doesn't work
You know that right we know that this experiment doesn't work
We've done it in mice. It doesn't work. It results in a lesion
It results in autoimmunity. It results in immune attack
It's like a
A delayed lesion of the place that you transfect because eventually the immune system is going to come in there and get it all out
We knew nothing about this technology is exactly what I might in the english language use the word lie to describe
It is shocking to hear this monkey say that i'm sorry
To hear this old
Man
Say these words
With a difficult virus in terms of its unusual clinical or biological characteristics
We made a vaccine using a technology that had never been used before ever
We had no experience with it messenger RNA
And it was
Trauma
This is a lie you have to see it. Okay that I just want to make sure you get it
We had no experience with it
Means that we had no reasonable expectations of what would happen
And that is a
Fundamental lie about everything that we understand about the immune system everything we learned from jessie gelsinger
It's dancing on jessie gelsinger's grave
To say that we knew nothing that we've never used it before
It's dancing on the grave of every person that's ever used mRNA
To help them get a few extra years in cancer
It's insane what he just said there and completely and totally a lie. It's it's incorrect
It's not even gray. It's just wrong
We have 20 years of bench experience with transfection
And transformation
Moderna and the vaccine
Worked and was safe. It wasn't absolutely safe, but it was safe
And then we did something else that was amazing was which is that we
A mass produced not easy by the way for a lipid nanoparticle vaccine to mass produce it
We mass produced mass distributed mass administrative vaccine in a country that didn't really have
A system in place to uh to mass vaccinate adults
And so we vaccinated thousands a million people a day two million people a day three million people a day
And then around the middle of the year january 2021 we hit a wall
30% of this country refused to be vaccinated
They just didn't buy it. They didn't trust the fda. They didn't trust the cdc
They didn't trust the government
They didn't believe that the disease was that bad because they didn't trust the statistics
They were saying and they refused to be vaccinated and as a consequence
300 000 people in this country died because they made that choice
So on the one hand you have this technologically advanced wealthy country that had an amazing technological achievement
That was rejected by a significant portion of the country causing them to lose their lives and
So that's very parallel. I'm sorry to tell you, but that's very parallel to what
What shannon and and sasha just agreed upon a few minutes ago
Do you see it? Please tell me that you see this
They agreed
The unvaccinated people were dying from delta because they made a choice not to take the
the transfection
Are you starting to see what I see which is really a schizophrenic
limited spectrum of debate being orchestrated by people
That for years and years and years we've been trying to sort out who the bad guys are and who the opposition is and who the insiders are
And after all this time it really seems to me that there are just aren't very many people playing on our team
There aren't very many people trying to save college kids with truth
There aren't very many people that are trying to teach the basic immunology of the human immune system in order to
Give truth
It doesn't seem that there are very many people that are actually opposing what this guy sells
You
I see it
I hope you can see it too
I really hope that you can see it too
I hope you can see that this man is not doing
the math
I hope you can see that actually shannon joy
and
Sasha pretend to be doing the math because they mention a few things
But then they throw in things like unvaccinated people dying in
2021 they throw in things like papaya enzymes are being tested for with the pcr test
They throw in things like the dod did this all gave all the orders was bossing everybody around and deployed toxins
in order to do this
When
If you just do this math, you don't need
You don't need toxins
toxins
But somehow or another
Nobody was dying in New York here
Right, nobody was dying in New York here
And the people that were dying here were unvaccinated and the people then were dying here according to sasha
Were people that were scared into going into the hospital because there was something but it was a toxin
And then they went into the hospital and they got treated not for the toxin, but by a protocol
I guess that's the story she's telling
That's not the story that I believe
I believe a spectacular commitment to lies
and a focus on getting rid of
Individuals who could have gotten rid of very easily because they're on medicare
Was used to do this maybe some exaggeration and some lying
But not the dod telling everybody what to do and releasing a toxin and coordinating
Mass casualty events. That's it's not how this system works
And again, they confused the pcr fraud
They didn't even mention lateral flow testing as a way of things being fraudulent
Which I find quite striking and they never got to the point where they even questioned the 15 million sequence base
Database that that everybody is parading around as evidence. So did they really question anything
not really
In my humble opinion, not really. I don't think they did
And I think that's what you're going to see more and more is these people sort of feigning it
And then arguing with one another and ignoring us
And as long as they keep, you know
Disingenuously playing I guess we have to to a certain extent
We're going to have to keep adding people and moving people around on that board
Um, even if other people now have their own board
Um, I think we're team worst case scenario is the most important to zero in on I don't care
So much who they get their money from except from the perspective of learning how they're connected
Um, that's the most important thing to me. I don't really care
It becomes interesting if the money is coming from outside the united states
It becomes interesting if those certain people are also amplifying one and then it's fine
But we're using that funding to try and understand how worst case scenario the team
Is working to set the limited spectrum of debate defining it and making sure that the presuppositions of the system are reinforced by it
So if the wellness company helps us connect a few of these people then i'm
All for that investigation, but i'm much more focused on behavior from
2019 forward and the things that I know they did with me said with me talked with me exchange with me new from me, etc
And that's what I think I can offer as a unique source of information about this biology is because
um, unlike a lot of people
I was already in the woods in 2020 in march saying that they might have faked this
And the reason why they might have faked it is to get us on a digital prison path
all the way to chipping
And a lot of these team worst case scenarios have still not still not managed to
Annunciate that theory have still not managed to speak it out
Michael eden certainly has but he can't get his message anywhere
I've never heard sasha say it. I've never heard shannon say it. I've never heard paul katrel say it
Never heard george website. I've never heard robert malone say i've never heard maryll nass say it
I've never heard most of these people say it
And I started saying it in 2020 in march
Before team worst case scenario found me came to my house streamed with me emailed me called me signal chatted with me
And drew me away from that original conclusion
And
Once you see that man oh man, it's pretty easy to remember we were all on this road alone
And then social media put us in cars with all these people
Supposedly giving us a ride and helping us out when in reality every one of these people was whispering in my ear
This is a novel virus that might kill millions of people man
You better be careful
You better be careful what you say jay
You better watch out
It's extraordinary how many people of the on this list i've met
It's extraordinary how many of these people have emailed me and it's extraordinary how many of these people don't like me
Because i'm wrong about something
I'm not even trying to be right i'm just trying to say that the story that most of these people are pushing is not possible
Because they don't take into account any of this
And they don't talk about strict liability for all pharmaceutical products
They don't talk about the cip and the vicp
Being seventh amendment violations the idea that you can't sue a manufacturer of a vaccine is a seventh amendment violation
And none of them talk about it
Because they are playing this train game
And this train game is where the tug of war is being sabotaged and we talk about stuff that doesn't matter
We talk about stuff and argue about stuff that when you're arguing about it
You are reinforcing the existence of the novel virus
You are reinforcing the existence of of uh of a novel pathogen for which we have no clue
That's what happened in 2020. That's what this was all about
That's what hydroxychloroquine and ivermectin were all about bad trials
Bad EUAs designed to give people lots of bad reasons to argue
About something that would then presuppose the existence of a novel pathogen that needed these things
And when people jumped on the argument they were co-opted they were
They were encouraged they might have even been read into what is a national security operation and then they were done
And they sold their book and they got their money and their comfort and their fame
But they've accepted that their role is to pretend that there was a pandemic of a particularly dangerous path
And they made a lot of people sick
And they're supposed to go along with the idea that double-stranded DNA contamination means that we can
Transfection works and we can probably make it work
And I want you to hear it from his mouth before I before I drop him that he will say it
That whole phenomenon and why it happened and how it happened and how could we avoid it next time
Was why I wrote the book that's a long answer to your question. It's okay, okay
Who's the audience for the book?
I think the general public anybody who who experienced what we all experienced
I mean it was it was a rough four years for me for all of us
And I think this is kind of a summing up in many ways and how to move forward
When did you start writing? I'm curious how long ago that was
Right from the beginning. I started working on it right towards the beginning of this pandemic
Because that worked well
I mean, I was able to include a number of stories as they were happening. So that worked well
I didn't know
When this pandemic would ever end and I guess we we have different
Definitions pandemic on twiv you've gone through very carefully what those different definitions are but I guess
My definition is that a pandemic changes the way you live work or play and I think that's no longer true
So I think the pandemic is over but the virus isn't over and so how to how to handle it now
So you when did you finish writing? Let's put it that way
Um probably about a year ago
Okay
So you dedicated the book to charlotte moser. I'm curious as who she is and why you did that
Yeah, so I've been working with charlotte for more than 25 years. She came to my lab as a technician as as a young woman
Um, right around the time she got married now. She has two adult children
Um, and she's just a brilliant hard working
Um, uh, virologist who worked in the lab and also when we created our vaccine education center
Um in in 2000
She became part of that and now is very much the heart of our vaccine education center and putting out information to try and educate
The public and the press and and physicians as well
About vaccines and vaccine safety. So she's been a touchstone for a few decades and that's why her
I think i recall you you authored a book with her about
Questions that parents might have about vaccines, right?
Right and we're updating that book now as columbia university press will be coming out soon. Yes, that's right
So what in in the summary of the book you you talk about writing about things we got right and things we
Got wrong here comes. Hang on. Just talked a little bit. It's gonna hurt. What do we get right?
Well, we got the vaccine right. I think we we definitely got that right. Um
Which is remarkable considering how little we knew about this technology
We certainly got the mRNA vaccines, right?
That was the I think the most important thing we got right and I think the other things that we got great are
I think there were I just I can't believe it. It's like uh, it's like uh
I mean, that's just amazing. That is just amazing. What do we get right?
We got the vaccine right. I think we we definitely got that right. Um, which is
Remarkable considering how little we knew about this technology, but we certainly got the mRNA vaccines, right?
That was the I think the most important thing we got right and I think the other things that we got right are
I think there were a number of bright lights here
I think the expanded access program to collect convalescence here was was the right way to go or
Okay, we're not gonna we're not gonna listen to any more of this. I just wanted you to hear that right?
We got the mRNA vaccine right
Now what's interesting about that ladies and gentlemen my mind is what's interesting about that is that the
Limited spectrum of debate that in which we are trapped actually has us believing
That there are two basic groups of people people that think we got it right
And people that are aware that we got it wrong and the way we got it wrong is that there was this double stranded DNA contamination in it
This probably responsible for causing cancer and all of this other stuff maybe even amyloid and and prion disease
So the limited spectrum of debate spans from RNA worked to RNA was contaminated
And nowhere in that spectrum of debate is there
Intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb nor
Transfection of healthy humans is criminally negligent none of those are even close to
Present inside of that limited spectrum of debate defined by these people
That's what i'm trying the message that i'm trying to get across
The diffuse proposal is just another part of this elaborate illusion that was designed to try and trick us into believing that they were covering up a lab leak
And so the more details that come out about what enzymes they ordered or how they did it
Just continues to underscore the main point which is they need us to teach our children that viruses can go around the world for decades
They need us to teach our children that the pandemic potential exists in laboratories and that people are crazy enough to spray pandemic potential around in bat caves
They need us to teach that to our children or they will not be
Lost in this forever
That's why they started with decades ago already seeding this narrative in the primary literature and in the funding schemes
And in in presentations like james giordano
And james giordano and people like him leading these tabletop exercises for decades
Creating the illusion of mass casualty events is something that maybe the dod was responsible for but would have been commanded to do by hhs
And so the team worst case scenario was definitely part of this because again in order to get compliance
We have to stick to the narrative that worst case scenario hasn't been ruled out
And that is because this is a national security thing sure the dod might make phone calls and inform random people that
We consider something a national security threat, but it sounds weird to me
But that's the story sasha tells and so that's what we're supposed to believe
But any way you cut it we have gotten to the stage where
Paul off it just said that the virus was defeated by transfection because we got it right
Ladies and gentlemen, please wake up and apologize to your children forever having believed
That antibodies were a correlate of immunity that meant anything
Please wake up and apologize to your children forever having believed that vaccination
That intramuscular injection of a combination of substances was something that you should have done to them
And if you've never actually pondered on how you're going to apologize to your children for not knowing this well
Now's the time to start crying
Because that's what we all have to do if you haven't done it already
That's the new world order that we need to break and the only way you break it is to admit to your children that you didn't understand this for their whole life
And that people like the people in the movie vaxxed
Those people need to be lauded and applauded and raised up
And and brought back to the spotlight
Because the past is fading quick and this lie is becoming the truth very very quickly
It's because of team worst case scenario that has happened
What have they they've gotten rid of this potential exponential increase in Medicare costs because they're vaccinating the old people with RSV and all other stuff
So they're going to you're going to reduce the lifespan of all the old people are Medicare without a doubt
They're also
Protecting against the growing skepticism in vaccines by causing this pandemic to happen because the people that bought in
Are are now totally militant about it
The transition to digital currency in a controlled manner
The transition to genetic vaccines for the entire population is all but done and as Paul said it works
Confounding the toxicity of the virus with the transfection for the dissidents
Has allowed number four to go on in the and the natural pop or the
The tv watching population
The transitioning of youth into submission and full digital control is already occurring
And it's going to go as that cartoon that we showed in the beginning of the of the stream
They're going to use privacy and copyright and and and fake harassment on the internet to justify digital IDs
That's coming and the kids will probably ask for it if we don't inform them of what's going on now
And so this the edifying the mythology of pandemic viruses is still ongoing
They did that with sasha and and and shannon and they do it also with vincent and with
With paul the short and the life spans of billions of people maybe they accomplish that
Were they going to kill billions of people with a gain of function virus?
No
But ruining the cultural cultural fabric of america with immigration and with this
Political socio-economic tearing in half sure
Create chaos necessary for a fundamental inversion of freedom to fascism absolutely
Just like I said in the woods on march 18th in 2020 still on youtube today
So if you've been following giga ohm biological for a long time and you know how long we've been trying more or less to
Cottify our goals in a way that people can understand can digest him and the best way to do it is to say that we can't put our kids
on this train
Where we teach them that we have defeated epidemics in the past using vaccination
And that the vaccinations that we have now are descended from an entirely successful public health
Initiative that revolves around centers on and relies on vaccination because that's not true
nutrition
Health water sanitation all of this stuff played a huge role in the client of disease in the 50s
The stopping of the use of DDT
These things all had an effect which is being confounded with the idea that vaccines work
And we need to teach this truth to our kids
Asymptomatic spread is something they scared us about in 2020 that the continuing evolving of the SARS-CoV-2 virus is something
They are scaring us with and that gain of function research is a mythology
They want to scare us with don't let them get on the train ladies and gentlemen, please don't
Because the illusion is still very strong
This faith in a novel virus is still very strong and it is being reinforced on both
Sides of the spectrum you heard them you heard Shannon and
And Sasha you heard none of them are questioning it the unvaccinated we're sick
And this faith needs to be questioned we need to start promoting people who are questioning it
People like Jessica hockett nick hudson jonathan angler martin
Neil
Jickie leaks whoever the hell that is and myself need promotion. We need your help in order for this faith
This conflated background signal to be exposed for what it is we need your help
Otherwise these people are not going to get us out because biology is the way out and they ain't teaching it
We've got to get out of the un the who is a subsidiary of the un
We need to investigate
The bank of international settlements and international monetary fund we need to audit them and close them
We need to get out of the un so that we're out of the who and then we just we need to reorganize as sovereign nationals
as as national entities
Like it used to be back in the old days
And if you want to see who these medlers are just watch for the big picture you won't see it
Who listen for the opposition to the childhood vaccination schedule? You won't hear it
Listen to the advocation for strict liability. You won't hear it
Listen for the explanation of what transfection is and its best form
You won't hear it listen to them explain how RNA virology has been grossly exaggerated by the use of clones
And and reverse genetics. You won't hear them say it
Please understand there's a way to see through this and if you just apply simple methods
Like nick hudson's rationale that if they say it's a global problem
It's probably bullshit
We might actually get out of this alive and our kids might actually inherit a world that is kind of free
Ladies and gentlemen, this has been giga ohm biological a high resistance low noise information brought to you by a biologist
I'm going to be on with
I'm a molic later on this afternoon. I don't think i'm going to scream it. I think we're going to record it and show it on his thing
So you know what i'm doing later this afternoon. Thank you very much for joining me
Um
Dune is coming out soon a beautiful book
Pretty decent movie. I think the second one's going to be fun
Obviously i'm not getting any sponsorship for this. I just thought it was really interesting to take this out of the book
Once men turned they're thinking over to machines in the hope that this would set them free
But that only permitted other men with machines to enslave them
holy cow
I
Stop all transfections and humans ladies and gentlemen. They are trying to eliminate the control group by any means necessary
This has been giga ohm biological a high resistance low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist. Thank you very much
I'll see you again tomorrow
So
Hey, i'm really happy you found me too. I hope I see you again here
And thanks for doing a chat there walking right in and thanks for speaking here. I'll see you guys uh, i'll see you guys tomorrow
That was a good one. I think that was a good one. I'm happy with that one
You